Edit review of Hosting a Prefect server instance (#13225)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/guides/host.md

!!! tip "`PREFECT_API_URL` required when running Prefect inside a container"
    You must set the API server address to use Prefect within a container, such as a Docker container.

    You can save the API server address in a [Prefect profile](/concepts/settings/). Whenever that profile is active, the API endpoint is at that address.

    See [Profiles & Configuration](/concepts/settings/) for more information on profiles and configurable Prefect settings.

> ## About Prefect database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The Prefect database
```

Reviewer: "About Prefect database" sounds strange, but I'm not sure I love "The Prefect database" either.

![Creating a notification in the Prefect UI](/img/ui/create-email-notification.png)

You can choose:

- Which run states should trigger a notification
- Tags to filter which flow runs are covered by the notification

> - Whether to send an email, a Slack message, Microsoft Teams message, or other services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Whether to send an email, a Slack message, Microsoft Teams message, or use another services
```

Author: should be "use another service"
